[SSL] Geo Key Manager docs section (#7660)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/edge-certificates/geokey-manager/setup.md

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Setup
weight: 1
layout: single
meta:
    title: Setup - Geo Key Manager
---

# Setup

{{<beta heading="h2">}} Geo Key Manager v2 {{</beta>}}

{{<Aside type="note">}}

Geo Key Manager v2 is only available through the Cloudflare API.

{{</Aside>}}

Geo Key Manager v2 gives customers flexibility when choosing the geographical boundaries of where their keys are stored.

> Using the `policy` field, customers can define policies which comprise of allow and block lists of countries or regions where the private key should be stored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `policy` field, customers can define policies containing allow and block lists of countries or regions where the private key should be stored. 
```

To use Geo Key Manager v2 with the API, generally, follow the steps to [upload a custom certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/uploading/#using-the-api).

> When sending the [`POST`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/custom-ssl-for-a-zone-create-ssl-configuration) request, include the `policy` parameter to define policies which comprise of allow and block lists of countries or regions where the private key should be stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending the [`POST`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/custom-ssl-for-a-zone-create-ssl-configuration) request, include the `policy` parameter to define policies containing allow and block lists of countries or regions where the private key should be stored.
```

> You also have access to the `geo_restrictions` parameter, which is mutually exclusive to the `policy` parameter and includes the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also have access to the `geo_restrictions` parameter, which is mutually exclusive with the `policy` parameter and includes the following options:
```
Usually there's no preposition after "mutually exclusive", but I'd use "with".

- `us`
- `eu`
- `highest_security`([more details](/ssl/edge-certificates/geokey-manager/supported-options/#highest-security-data-centers))

### Examples

```json
---

> header: Store private keys in EU and US

Reviewer: ```suggestion
header: Store private keys in the E.U. and the U.S.
```

---
curl -X POST "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/<ZONE_ID>/custom_certificates" \

>      -H "X-Auth-Email: user@example.com" \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     -H "X-Auth-Email: <EMAIL>" \
```

     -H "X-Auth-Key: <AUTH_KEY>" \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     --data '
     {
        "certificate":"certificate",
        "private_key":"<PRIVATE_KEY>",
        "policy":"(country: US) and (region: EU)", 
        "type": "sni_custom"
     }'
```

```json
---

> header: Store private keys in the EU, but not in France

Reviewer: ```suggestion
header: Store private keys in the E.U., but not in France
```

---
curl -X POST "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/<ZONE_ID>/custom_certificates" \

>      -H "X-Auth-Email: user@example.com" \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     -H "X-Auth-Email: <EMAIL>" \
```

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Setup
weight: 1
layout: single
meta:
    title: Setup - Geo Key Manager
    description: Learn how to set up Geo Key Manager and choose the geographical boundaries of where your private encryption keys are stored.
---

# Setup

{{<beta heading="h2">}} Geo Key Manager v2 {{</beta>}}

{{<Aside type="note">}}

Geo Key Manager v2 is only available through the Cloudflare API.

{{</Aside>}}

Geo Key Manager v2 gives customers flexibility when choosing the geographical boundaries of where their keys are stored.

Using the `policy` field, customers can define policies containing allow and block lists of countries or regions where the private key should be stored. 

To use Geo Key Manager v2 with the API, generally, follow the steps to [upload a custom certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/uploading/#using-the-api).

When sending the [`POST`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/custom-ssl-for-a-zone-create-ssl-configuration) request, include the `policy` parameter to define policies containing allow and block lists of countries or regions where the private key should be stored.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> You also have access to the `geo_restrictions` parameter, which is mutually exclusive to the `policy` parameter and is part of [Geo Key Manager v1](#geo-key-manager-v1).

Author: ```suggestion
You also have access to the `geo_restrictions` parameter, which is mutually exclusive with the `policy` parameter and is part of [Geo Key Manager v1](#geo-key-manager-v1).
```
